[RELEASE] V0.7 (#195)
mne-tools/mne-connectivity: doc/whats_new_previous_releases.rst

What was new in previous releases?
==================================

> Version 0.7 (2024-05-31)

Reviewer: Close but not quite anymore :)

Let's at least get closer
```suggestion
Version 0.7 (2024-06-03)
```

------------------------

This version adds a new multivariate connectivity method to the ``spectral`` connectivity analysis functions,
an example explaining when certain connectivity methods should be used, and a function for simulating connectivity.

> Compute efficiency has also been improved in some cases, including a bug fix for parallel processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Computation time has also been improved in some cases, including a bug fix for parallel processing.
```
